content/en/contribute.md, before:

---
Title: Contribute

top:
    title: Contribute
    description: Help us grow! Add content, join the community, and make a difference.

add_content:
    title: Add Content
    description: "Adding content to the timeline is easy and free. To ensure content quality here are the 4 steps a suggested new content goes through:"
    steps: 
        title: Steps
        step1:
            title: "Create your content:"
            description: "Submit a new content. The new content should respect the template, must be in english and be sourced."
        step2:
            title: "Content verification:"
            description: "Your content will be reviewed by the main contributors to make sure it makes sense here and is sourced."
        step3:
            title: "Multilingual verification:"
            description: "As this website is multilingual, your content must be translated into all supported languages.
                You can suggest translations using your preferred service, and native-speaking referees will review them."
        step4:
            title: "Validation:"
            description: "Your content is in its final review stage."
        final:
            title: "Your content is now live!"

join_community:
    title: Join the community
    description: "Get involved, share ideas, and collaborate with other contributors:"
    canals:
        github:
            description: Join the discussion on our
        discord:
            description: No Discord server has been set up yet.

---

Commit message:

feat: add contribution feature building explanation message

content/en/contribute.md, after:

---
Title: Contribute

top:
    title: Contribute
    description: Help us grow! Add content, join the community, and make a difference.

add_content:
    title: Add Content
    description: "Adding content to the timeline is easy and free. To ensure content quality here are the 4 steps a suggested new content goes through:"
    steps: 
        title: Steps
        step1:
            title: "Create your content:"
            description: "Submit a new content. The new content should respect the template, must be in english and be sourced."
        step2:
            title: "Content verification:"
            description: "Your content will be reviewed by the main contributors to make sure it makes sense here and is sourced."
        step3:
            title: "Multilingual verification:"
            description: "As this website is multilingual, your content must be translated into all supported languages.
                You can suggest translations using your preferred service, and native-speaking referees will review them."
        step4:
            title: "Validation:"
            description: "Your content is in its final review stage."
        final:
            title: "Your content is now live!"
    feature_building:
        title: Coming soon
        description: "The contribution feature is under development and will be available in a future update. Meanwhile you can contact me using the mail at the footer."

join_community:
    title: Join the community
    description: "Get involved, share ideas, and collaborate with other contributors:"
    canals:
        github:
            description: Join the discussion on our
        discord:
            description: No Discord server has been set up yet.

---
